Simplified VPC Peering info (#724)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-gcp.md

For more information about the resources required to run Astro on GCP, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md).

> ### VPC Peering Prerequisites (Optional)

Reviewer: @dnarain-astro Do you have a sense for how long this installation process takes? The benefit of having this as a prerequisite is that customers are not caught off guard when we request this information in later steps. If removing this means a customer might have to fetch this information mid-install, then I would prefer to keep it as a prerequisite.

Reviewer: If anything, I'd keep this detail and simplify the info box later on.

> ### VPC Peering Prerequisites (Optional)

Reviewer: Any prerequisites we should include here for Private Services Connect?

If you don't specify your organization's preferred configurations, Astronomer will create a Cluster in `us-central1` with default configurations for Astro on GCP. For more information, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md).

> :::info VPC Peering with Astronomer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info VPC Peering with Astronomer

```

If you don't specify your organization's preferred configurations, Astronomer will create a Cluster in `us-central1` with default configurations for Astro on GCP. For more information, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md).

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info VPC Peering with Astronomer
```

> Astro supports Private Services Connect, which allows private consumption of services across VPC networks that belong to different projects or organizations. If you have created custom services that are not published via Private Services Connect, then you may want to peer with Astronomer.  To set up peering, provide the following information to Astronomer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro supports [Private Services Connect](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect), which allows private consumption of services across VPC networks that belong to different projects or organizations. If you have created custom services that are not published using Private Services Connect, then you might want to peer with Astronomer. To set up peering, provide the following information to Astronomer:
```

- VPC Name/ID and region for peering with Astronomer.

> - The IPs of your DNS servers.

Reviewer: I can't add a suggestion to this part of the PR, but at the end of this `info` section can you add a note that provides guidance if your VPC peering considerations are more complex than described here? Something like:

"If you have a more complicated connection to external services that is not covered by this setup, reach out to Astronomer Support."

> - The IPs of your DNS servers.

Reviewer: Is this the same thing as the CIDRs in the prerequisites?
